Fixed #34808 -- Doc'd aggregate default argument. (#17308)
django/django: docs/topics/db/aggregation.txt

    >>> from django.db.models import Avg, Count
    >>> Book.objects.annotate(num_authors=Count("authors")).aggregate(Avg("num_authors"))
    {'num_authors__avg': 1.66}

Handling empty querysets and groups using aggregate ``default``
---------------------------------------------------------------

When an aggregate function is used with an empty ``QuerySet`` or grouping,
``None`` is returned as a default. This is because aggregate functions result
in ``NULL`` when used with an empty result set. The optional ``default``
argument for aggregate functions allows specifying a value to use as a
default when the executed query returns no rows. Some aggregate functions
do not support the ``default`` argument because they already handle this, e.g.

> ``Count`` returns ``0``.

Reviewer: I have re-written this paragraph trying to reduce some of the duplication. I'll push a new revision soon.

For example, to get the total price of all books containing
"web" in name. Without the ``default`` argument, if there are no books
returned by the query, and there are no rows to compute the aggregate
``Sum``, None is returned by default.

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from django.db.models import Sum
    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="web").aggregate(Sum("price"))
    {"price__sum": None}

However, you can pass ``0`` as a ``default`` to be returned if no books
can be found.

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="web").aggregate(Sum("price", default=0))
    {"price__sum": Decimal("0")}

> The ``default`` argument is implemented under the hood by wrapping the

Reviewer: I'm not sure this paragraph makes sense in a "topic" page, where concepts are a bit higher level than references.

Do you think this is relevant for the reader? If yes, why so? Thanks!

Author: Hey @nessita , IMO the reference would be necessary for comparison in approach because initially the idea was to document "Coalesce", the "default argument" was suggested as a cleaner option in the ticket.

    >>> from django.db.models import Avg, Count
    >>> Book.objects.annotate(num_authors=Count("authors")).aggregate(Avg("num_authors"))
    {'num_authors__avg': 1.66}

Aggregating on empty querysets or groups
----------------------------------------

> When an aggregation is applied to an empty QuerySet or grouping, the result

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an aggregation is applied to an empty queryset or grouping, the result
```
or
```suggestion
When an aggregation is applied to an empty ``QuerySet`` or grouping, the result
```

defaults to its :ref:`default <aggregate-default>` parameter, typically
``None``. This behavior occurs because aggregate functions return ``NULL`` when
the executed query returns no rows.

> You can specify an alternative return value by providing the  :ref:`default

Reviewer 2: `alternative` sounds unnecessary:
```suggestion
You can specify a return value by providing the :ref:`default
```

<aggregate-default>` argument for most aggregations. However, since
:class:`~django.db.models.Count` does not support the :ref:`default

> <aggregate-default>` argument, it will always return ``0`` for empty QuerySets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<aggregate-default>` argument, it will always return ``0`` for empty querysets
```

or groups.

For example, assuming that no book contains *web* in its name, calculating the
total price for this book set would return ``None`` since there are no matching
rows to compute the :class:`~django.db.models.Sum` aggregation on:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from django.db.models import Sum
    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="web").aggregate(Sum("price"))
    {"price__sum": None}

However, the :ref:`default <aggregate-default>` argument can be set when calling
:class:`~django.db.models.Sum` to return a different default value if no books
can be found:

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> Book.objects.filter(name__contains="web").aggregate(Sum("price", default=0))
    {"price__sum": Decimal("0")}

Under the hood, the :ref:`default <aggregate-default>` argument is implemented

> by wrapping the aggregate function with a call to
> :class:`~django.db.models.functions.Coalesce`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by wrapping the aggregate function with
:class:`~django.db.models.functions.Coalesce`.
```
